chore: release main (#894)
Financial-Times/origami: components/o-topper/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [5.5.0](https://www.github.com/Financial-Times/origami/compare/o-topper-v5.4.2...o-topper-v5.5.0) (2022-11-23)

### Features

> * add element image-caption replacing  image-credit behaviour and modify image-credit to be on top of the image ([2bb7988](https://www.github.com/Financial-Times/origami/commit/2bb79886b7db19920883e61a192cccef926d8af2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce an image caption element, to compliment the existing credit element. Only use the credit element when there is a credit to display and no image caption. Otherwise use the image caption element to display both caption and any credit. ([2bb7988](https://www.github.com/Financial-Times/origami/commit/2bb79886b7db19920883e61a192cccef926d8af2))
```
